we're going to be testing a customer
sample piece on our model one Ames
standard portable hardness tester the
purpose of this demonstration is to show
you just how easy it is to operate the
Uster as a sample piece or using a small
clip spring type steel I'm using a
diamond penetrator with a flat anvil I'm
going to be measuring in the C scale
which requires a 10 kilogram minor load
and on 150 kilogram major load first
thing I want to do is initialize the DAO
indicator itself and I simply do that by
rotating the Buzzle setting the dot
directly under the tip of the stylus of
the indicator next we're going to trap
the part between the handle and the
penetrator and I'm going to establish my
10 kilogram load simply do that by
rotating the dial the hand wheel
clockwise until I bring the dial
indicator to the set mark at this point
we'll want to establish the zero points
of the tester itself and to do that I
simply rotate the barrel dial and rest
the pin directly on top of the magnifier
next we're going to grab the hand wheel
and we're going to rotate it all the way
up to 150 kilogram which is required for
the C test once at 150 kilogram I'm
going to reverse direction of the hand
wheel and bring that dial indicator back
to the set point now at set I'm going to
look through my viewfinder I have a
scribe black line across the magnifier
and I can see right through this
magnifier to the barrel dial underneath
and what I've got down there are the C
scale numbers in black in red we have
the B scale we measured in C so those
are the numbers that I'm going to be
and if we look close you can see the
line or underneath the number 40 there's
a thick line and then off the left-hand
side there's little hash marks each one
of those small hash marks is two points
the large broad line underneath the
number itself is the whole number or in
this case 40 and those so you can see
our set up intended 10 knot point
increments so what we're looking at is
40 which is the black line underneath
the 40 and then we're sitting right at
that right in between the broad line and
the first hash mark which would make us
a 41 that completes the test from that
point we can simply back off and remove
the part and we're ready for the next
test
you
we want to thank you for your attention
should you have questions please feel
free to contact us by email telephone or
fax to place an order you can reach us
at either location
you